Donna H.: A faraway, I believe.
Serenna Beers: Far away.
Doria
Donna H.: A story at Oregon. Yeah, that's really far.
Serenna Beers: Oh, is it now.
Serenna Beers: I used to live.
Serenna Beers: There are
Donna H.: Eight hours from us.
Serenna Beers: Oh, wow.
Donna H.: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Well, I'm serene. I'm one of the therapists at bright heart health, obviously.
Serenna Beers: It is nice to to meet you. Well, I'm going to do your bio psychosocial it's pretty painless. I mean, there's a few questions. But it's on. Honestly, I'm going to make it as light hearted and as quick as I as quick as I can.
Donna H.: There. Anybody here know
Donna H.: They're gonna be tears involved in
Serenna Beers: That depends on you, but that's not always a bad thing. Right, right.
Serenna Beers: There I saw it in a show once where somebody said, I mean, it wasn't a very nice show but it said crying takes the sat out. And I don't remember what movie it was, but I thought, Oh my gosh, that is so smart because it's true. Right.
Serenna Beers: Yeah, so we'll just get right get right on it. So tell me, what brings you to bright heart help, why, why. Now, why is it that you are seeking help.
Donna H.: Okay. So about a year and a half ago, I was on the Suboxone program in Crescent City, California.
Donna H.: Okay, I was on it for about three years. So I had caught I'd gotten some trouble caught a couple cases.
Donna H.: And needed to get clean they'd put me on drug court. So I was looking at prison time if I didn't get clean and do a program
Donna H.: And I have a son, he is back then. He was only like two or three he's now six almost seven but
Donna H.: For three years I did really, really good. I mean I completed drug court with not one dirty. I got a job. I got a house. I mean, I was doing the whole life thing. I was actually assistant manager at the place I worked in
Donna H.: And nice. Yeah. And then my spouse. I was with ended up he got diagnosed with brain cancer. And that was a battle for about a year and a half, and then eventually he ended up relaxing on his drug of choice, which was met.
Donna H.: And then I ended up relaxing along with him thinking it would bring us closer
Donna H.: And
Donna H.: Math wasn't my drug of choice and I never really knew like there was a lot of mental games and stuff. He played on me like he really broke my heart and screwed me over and
Donna H.: Totally just like did identity theft on me, like, all kinds of stuff. So I was devastated and brokenhearted. And I ended up having to get my son to his
Donna H.: biological father because I was moving out and I had nowhere to go and whatnot. So, and then for like a whole year, almost a year and a half. I kind of just
Donna H.: I started doing heroin again and and just slowly started getting back into using and whatnot and
Donna H.: I don't want to completely lose myself again. And I want my son to have stability and structure again and I just I want to get my life back together to where it was. I know what I'm capable of and sleep.
Donna H.: sleeping on the floor of my grandpa's fits well with my kid is like being nice me like there was no need for me to be there for a whole year and a half. You know what I mean. So
Donna H.: Just a short time I've been on Suboxone I've got a job and I've got a place in my own. And so things are like really falling into place.
Serenna Beers: Good. So tell me about your story with substances. When did all of it, start when when we're when were you first exposed when did it get the absolute worst
Donna H.: And one way or another drugs have always been a part of my life because of my parents. Okay, so I grew up in that drug scene.
Donna H.: I did my first. Okay. So I started with cigarettes probably like 12 years old cigarettes and alcohol. I never alcohol. I never really became like completely dependent on it. It was just thing I did in party by partied a lot back then.
Donna H.: And then out about 15 I started with oxy cotton and a friend had given me.
Donna H.: It was going around my school, sadly, and a friend gave me a line of axes and it just, I kind of did it to fit in at first and then became addicted. You know that thing. And then once the ops. He's got taken out about 1819 I started heroin.
Donna H.: And then I started injecting the heroin and then
Donna H.: It got really, really bad. So, this time on my relapse and
Donna H.: It got really bad right before I called right heart. I was at three grams a day or more of heroin.
Donna H.: And I was losing everything slowly losing everything and like I said I had nowhere to live my kid's dad took me to custody Courtney's trying to take my son because of me selling drugs and using drugs.
Donna H.: And I wasn't selling the drugs, but I was using them. He said, I was selling, but I wasn't and i but i was using the drugs and
Donna H.: I didn't want to lose my kid and stuff. You know what I mean. So at the end. It's been I was actively using every single day for a year and a half, straight and for the last fucking oh sorry for my language for the last probably six months I was
Donna H.: At
Donna H.: Least three grams.
Serenna Beers: Do you hear that we got
Donna H.: Yeah, that's it.
Donna H.: That's my neighbor, they just
Serenna Beers: Oh, okay.
Serenna Beers: No, I wasn't sure if that was our connection or I didn't know if somebody
Serenna Beers: Jumping or web what that was.
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Serenna Beers: Um, what about, okay, chronic pain. Do you
Serenna Beers: Do
Serenna Beers: Do you have any of that. And if you do it.
Donna H.: When did it start, what was
Serenna Beers: Getting event. OK.
Donna H.: OK, so back pain. I've only
Donna H.: Seen
Donna H.: Like in the
Donna H.: Up in the upper neck and in the lumbar and then
Donna H.: And there was other things wrong with me to diagnosis. There's a lot of it.
Donna H.: A lot of bad thousands. I have some times where it just feels like I can't even walk because of you know the nerves, or the muscles or whatever. But what they said to me and my doctor's appointment was that
Donna H.: In my spine and between the desk. There's like fluid packets and whatever my fluid pockets are all gone. So like the disc or rubbing on each other and grinding and they're breaking in there, pinching nerves and all that stuff. So
Donna H.: Okay that yeah
Serenna Beers: Okay. And when when when did it. When did it get to the point where it was the absolute worst
Donna H.: So that probably would be
Donna H.: Almost two years ago. It got to where it was so bad. I actually had to stop working.
Serenna Beers: Okay, did your drug. Did your drug use, go up to did it. That's
Donna H.: Well, honestly. That's a big factor into my relapse to heroin, because I was already doing the math. That's what made me make the choice to do the hair relapse, because I was trying to stay away from the heroin, because I already be what it did to me. It was my drug of choice, you
Donna H.: Know and but my pain was so freaking bad that I that's the reason why I gave in to the heroin was just to help with. It was all I could find out that time out with my pain.
Donna H.: Okay, so that played a big factor on me, relaxing on here. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: What about any prior treatment or just history of it.
Serenna Beers: at at at all like, what, what have you done as far as mental health, substance abuse, what has been your history of tree tree of treatments.
Donna H.: Of body year
Donna H.: Ago when I was
Donna H.: About three, maybe four years ago when I got put on drug court and stuff for that three years after I was really deep into Regent intensive
Donna H.: And and that was four days a week, three and
Donna H.: I just can make it from Smith's waiver to Crescent City, three, four times a week. Plus work and do everything I need it.
Donna H.: Um, so that's why I chose the bright heart way but this time around. I'm doing the bright heart all everything you guys request, but then I'm also doing a minimum of three in a or a meetings a week.
Serenna Beers: Good.
Donna H.: And I have a sponsor that I work with, and I have a home group and stuff like that so
Serenna Beers: Good, yeah.
Serenna Beers: I'm not sure I don't believe it's my connection, but every so often I your face will freeze and I don't hear what you say. So I don't know if you could look at your if it's your phone. Look at the bars to make sure you're in a you're in a good spot. Oh.
Donna H.: It's probably my. Okay, so in a little bitty town I am way up in the mountains.
Donna H.: Are Wi Fi.
Donna H.: Sucks like oh
Serenna Beers: Does it
Serenna Beers: Okay.
Donna H.: All right, so it's just like something I have to live with honestly well
Serenna Beers: I do the best that we can then
Donna H.: Yeah. Actually, I'm in it seems to work a little closer towards my grandpa's trailer right down the way. Like in that area. So, and then I also have their Wi Fi password so
Donna H.: You might be able to get a better connection but
Okay.
Donna H.: Yeah, hold him more. Now in this way.
Serenna Beers: Thank you.
Donna H.: You're welcome.
Serenna Beers: I just want to make sure that we get all the pertinent facts so that way you know because we can help you best when we know all the intricate
Serenna Beers: Right, so we have had to help you.
Serenna Beers: So, okay, um, what so you said that you you did or you didn't have any prior men mental health or
Donna H.: I have. I've had
Serenna Beers: Issues.
Donna H.: I have had mental health, one on one meetings one on ones with the counselor at least once a week, probably for two years straight.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: Okay. And then for substance use.
Donna H.: I've done a god outpatient rehabilitation for three years.
Donna H.: Yeah.
Serenna Beers: Where, where we're at. If you have
Donna H.: Other alcohol and other drugs in Crescent City, California.
Okay.
Serenna Beers: All right, and you have any history of SI, H, I, you know,
Serenna Beers: Suit suicidal ideation or homicidal ideation or self, self, self harm.
Donna H.: No, nothing like that.
Serenna Beers: Okay. Have you ever been in. Have you ever had felt felt that way if
Serenna Beers: I wanted
Donna H.: To hire Seidel before I felt suicidal before I can't say necessarily suicidal, it was just so depressed. I didn't want to die, but I didn't want to live either. So it's just like not a hopelessness of not
Serenna Beers: You know, and I mean type nine that would be what we would call a suicidal ideation ideations are aware, we have the thoughts, which is, I mean, that's
Serenna Beers: Honestly, pretty common. You know when you're
Serenna Beers: Using any kind of substances and you're flipping your brain on and off and and you're putting it in overdrive. And you're stimulating it and then you're bringing it down and then you're stimulating it I mean to have si to have suicidal ideation would make a lot of sense. Right.
Donna H.: It doesn't
Serenna Beers: Mean that you necessarily are going to act on it or that you have a plan. And that's why that kind of that's what differentiates the ideation from the the the suicidal plan with
Donna H.: With a with an
Okay.
Serenna Beers: What about growing up. What was your family life. Like, were you adopted you have brothers and sisters are your parents still to gather
Donna H.: Um, my parents divorced and separated when I was very young. I moved in with my grandparents on my father's side.
Donna H.: When I was three years old. Um, my dad was an addict. My mom was an addict and alcoholic. My mom had split personalities and schizophrenia. Hold on just a second and my get my charger.
Donna H.: And my dad was always like in and out of prison due to crimes that he committed for his addiction.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Donna H.: Well, I live with my grandparents and
Donna H.: There was I got sexually abused, my whole life as a child there at that by my grandfather
Donna H.: So that was tough until
Donna H.: Yeah, I have two brothers one older and one younger and
Donna H.: I actually moved out when I was 15 and I moved out lived on my own, with a boyfriend and I went to school and I worked. And I actually completed school, high school I graduated
Donna H.: And
Donna H.: So yeah, I mean that was
Donna H.: That was that, but did that answer it.
Serenna Beers: Oh yeah. As a matter of fact, did it to answer because it asks to or we also want to know what it was like. Was anybody in your family addicted to substances. Was there any mental health and you actually shared with me about both your, your mom and dad.
Serenna Beers: I didn't. You said you had siblings.
Serenna Beers: Yes. Okay. What about them, what is it what what is your
Donna H.: Ship with
Donna H.: With that you have, um, so recently, they're not, it's not too close because I'm
Donna H.: There. Well, my little brother, we're all just a year apart. So we grew up extremely close sharing the same group of friends and everything and
Donna H.: My little brother, he's still down south somewhere, I believe, and he's actively using and then my older brother.
Donna H.: When I was in Suboxone he actually overdosed and died. And I picked him up out of the hospital and he asked me for help and I let him stay with me and I told him he had two weeks on my couch. He had to do everything I did, which was mental health at Suboxone program.
Donna H.: To get clean and he did that he did that for almost three years and this last year, he had a relapse and he's not doing the best. So right now, since I'm clean and he's not. It's just there's distance there.
Serenna Beers: There's gotta be
Donna H.: You know, yeah. So, but other than that we were close super close our whole lives and
Donna H.: It's just recently.
Donna H.: We're not close so I'm just kind of with any of my family members, pretty much. It's just kind of, you know, me and my son, for the most part of my friends and stuff from meetings and stuff makeup, my family there big support lately, like just
Donna H.: Yeah, just getting my new place and whatnot. Look, I had nothing I had nothing at all like I was completely start over. So like no towels new edition. Nothing. You know, and
Donna H.: They've been really making sure that we get the things we need, and rides to, you know, Shaw and whatnot, because I don't have a vehicle in a license right now, either that's my next goal, actually. So, yeah.
Serenna Beers: What about. Have you ever served in the military at all.
Serenna Beers: Nope. Okay, and what about, do you have any financial or legal issues that you are concerned about
Serenna Beers: I think you shared a little bit
Donna H.: Now, yeah, no, not for me. I'm in the child support core, it was for my kids. Dad, I just had to make him pay
Donna H.: I decided to appear so
Donna H.: Okay, yeah.
Serenna Beers: What about. Do you notice any other type of addictive type of
Serenna Beers: Tree saviors traits that kind of that kind of re surface themselves. Now that you've taken
Serenna Beers: The seven is away. Yes.
Donna H.: And shopping. Yeah.
Donna H.: I have my gosh, like all eat so much to where I'm just so miserable and full and oh that sounds good. I'll still continue to eat. So yeah, and then the shopping that's got me in trouble. So we just don't
Donna H.: We go with we go with supervision to the store now.
Serenna Beers: That's probably smart. Good. Um, let's see. What about. I'm trying to think if I missed anything. You said that you have one son right
Donna H.: I have two boys. Okay, I only have one in my care at full time.
Serenna Beers: Oh and okay
Donna H.: My youngest and you'll be seven. On May 13
Serenna Beers: Okay, and then your son who's with his, his dad right
Donna H.: No he's not. With his dad. My oldest SON'S FATHER IS IN PRISON. He's been in prison for 11 years
Old
Donna H.: He actually will be out this summer, but um
Donna H.: He my son lives with his grandparents on his dad side. So his dad.
Serenna Beers: I. Okay, gotcha.
Donna H.: And he just turned 13 on December 31
Donna H.: I was really. Wow. Yeah.
Serenna Beers: All right, and so you live with just yourself and your son. Is there anybody else that lives with you.
Donna H.: Nope, it's just me and my son. As of now, since we got on planes. Yeah, okay.
Serenna Beers: Very cool. Congratulations.
Donna H.: Thank you pretty
Donna H.: Awesome.
Serenna Beers: For sure as well that you should should be. That's a huge step. I mean, when you start to
Serenna Beers: Get things back. It's huge. Right.
Donna H.: Know that I didn't shack up with a guy to get the place
Serenna Beers: Or
Donna H.: You know what I mean. I did all on my own like
Donna H.: And I don't have to try to depend on anybody to make sure the bills get paid. It's all I know I can. Do you know what I mean.
Serenna Beers: Mm hmm.
Donna H.: Makes me even more prouder.
Serenna Beers: As well that you should should be. Um, let's see, one other thing. Let me just ask you really quick. What do you want to work on while you're at bright heart. What does he give me like three top top things
Donna H.: How to live online live life on life's terms how to stay in the present. You know what I mean.
Donna H.: I want to get my whole life back together.
Donna H.: Okay, um,
Donna H.: Yeah, and I would just like to, you know, be that good person that I know I am. And that good mom like, even while I was using everybody was like, you're such a good mom like you don't see attics actively using being such a good parent
Donna H.: But I know I could be a better mom and my son knows that, you know, they mean so to just be to give my son back the mom that he deserves and that he's used to having, you know,
Serenna Beers: Right. It's a big deal.
Serenna Beers: What about a third thing.
Donna H.: I want to start working again and and get like I've never had a license. I want to get my license and want to get my car, I want to stop procrastinating. You know, they mean I wanted to
Donna H.: I also want to get rid of the work on getting rid of the guilt and the shame and everything I acquired last year and a half with using again, you know,
Hmm.
Serenna Beers: Just remember, you know, there's a difference between guilt and shame, guilt is about what I've done. Shame is about who I am and there's times when a little bit of guilt can actually be healthy to push you.
Donna H.: To get to where you want to
Serenna Beers: Go.
Donna H.: Yeah, even when it
Serenna Beers: Turns into shame when we start that I'm awful. I'm a bad person. Now I've done siding.
Donna H.: Now, but I'm a bad person.
Serenna Beers: That's a that is a vicious cycle that you want to stay away from
Donna H.: Yeah, I really try not to get in my own head, and let myself get there you know name.
Serenna Beers: Yes, it makes it really tough.
Serenna Beers: Okay, I don't think I missed anything I did ask you if you were in a relationship, I think, right.
Donna H.: Yeah. Nope, I'm single.
Serenna Beers: Okay, cool. And you're just you got you and your son that live with you and we went through all that I think I went through your psych history. And then I asked you three things you wanted to get out of treatment.
Serenna Beers: Did I miss anything. Is there anything else that you want to add that you'd like your
Serenna Beers: Therapist to see
Donna H.: No, I think, I think that's
Donna H.: That's it.
Serenna Beers: Well. Cool. Well, I wish you the absolute best of luck. Keep on plugging on and be proud of yourself because it takes a lot one just to stand up and say, I need help, and to
Serenna Beers: To do the work, because it's hard work but it's definitely worth it. All right.
Donna H.: It is
Donna H.: Okay, thank you so much.
Serenna Beers: We have a wonderful night and I wish you the absolute best
Donna H.: Awesome. Thank you. You have a good night to
Serenna Beers: All right. Thank you.
Guys.